# Using the Visio importer

## Prerequisites
- Configured service in Symbio Web
- Storage GUID token (generated during the service configuration)
- In the visio file(s): All shapes that need to be imported are connected properly (for example supplementary text)
- In the visio file(s): All shapes have an associated master shape

## Usage

First select the visio (.vsdx) file you want to import or drag and drop it into the highlighted area. If you add multiple files to the queue they will be processed all one after another.

At the mapping screen, click on one of the round buttons to start drawing a connection. Click on one of the round buttons on the other side to connect a Visio with a Symbio element. Dragging is not required. [show image]
You can choose to not map a Visio element by using the "Do not map this element" toggle. This makes sense for elements you don't want to import into Symbio. Connections between shapes don't need to be mapped, the importer will add such connections on its own.
BPMN Gateways do not need to be explicitly mapped, the types 'and', 'or' and 'xor' will be assigned automatically during the import.

When you are finished, submit the mapping and you will be shown a preview of the process generated by the layouter service.

The following page will ask you for the storage token. When submitting it the service starts the import of your visio file and will notify you on completion.
You can then either continue to map the files in the queue or upload new files to the queue.
